you gave me hope when it seemed hopess you put a song in my
heart showed me a road not often taken
you gave me a start all the
way why did you will change your name all the
way why did you ever change your name
because you were like a whale on the ocean Wild and Free you
came and you were like a stor coming out of
mountains Never To Be Tamed all the
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your [Music]
name welcome to the premiere of the final and seventh season of Lady Babylon
satanic initiation it's nice to have you tonight it's nice to have both sides it's nice
to have over here the ones who write the
screeds the ones who condemn in the name of God and Jesus Christ and everything
that is Holy yes thank you it is for you that we
have brought tonight the art from the Renaissance and from
Antiquity to a place of user friendliness so that you can enjoy because I know the
screeds are simply not enough screeding is not
enough lady screed of scredington does not get
satisfaction and that's why they come people have been asking me why why what
is the logic of coming to you in order to
condemn and sabotage what's the use of that and I say sh
quiet I call them their chosen they've come along with us so
that we can watch the Judgment this is the final season of
satanic initiation this is the
test we will progress from alpha to
Omega and you will know you will know welcome to Lady
Babylon
I just want to start this season by saying I've been looking
into via The Graces of someone who is sitting in the shadows the
foundation of an academy the foundation of a place where
we once again and will bring her back that Muse that access to the text will
bring it back there ours there ours I'll let you
know should we bust through I'll let you know and I appreciate your time this is
between me and you I appreciate your time tonight in order to cleanse this
place in order to bring this place to some where that a God can come I'm going
to have to cleanse it and tonight as we begin
Alpha I want you to understand that you are undergoing the
examination there are those of you who have been here from the beginning and who have dutifully watched every time
that we have gotten together there are those of you who've come in and worked your way up by
reviewing and there are people who just you know they've seen a few rock
on from alpha to Omega is a very very serious operation it is the time when we
are done with the work we have gone where we all needed to
go and now it's time now it's time to
show now it's time for that mystery to kick in yeah tonight on lady Babylon let's
welcome the purifier [Music]
pan
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
tonight we welcome the goat but we do so
in a way that will allow us us to remain on the stage we cover we cover what is the
obscene this is a goat this is a goat tonight we welcome the
goat this sacred goat is chased by
pen fantastic let's go right into the text shall we let's get dirty and bring
this text in come on people give me number one there people I want to take you to a special place
tonight a place of horses and you say what a place of horses what are what are
horses going to tell me about Jesus and male prostitution and the and the use of
drugs and cult and Antiquity what's the horses what are the horses have to do
with it everything they have everything to do with it this is evidence you and I
have graciously been walking together for quite a while now six seasons and we
have lived under the umbrella of the evidence you and I we deal with the
evidence this was all about reason reason for those who hear for those who
have ears to hear follow the track speaking on multiple levels from the
Shadows comes the support right here we go here we go let's bring it up bring up the text oh God this is
fantastic do you can I just share this with you what is this take it down chewy just so I can introduce it do some
imagery befuddle their minds um the horse work the um Corpus hippi atric
Corum a gorum now I know don't get excited I know that nobody has ever
shared something like that with you I know they have haven't because I know classist don't know these texts right
they're classical texts but they don't know them right this is a work on horse
care horse care and how awesome horses are right and what happened is some
Byzantine dude said hey we've got all these texts about you know from
classical Antiquity we've got them and let's put them together in one connection thankfully dude put them
together and now we have a whole bunch a whole bunch on horses and you say I can
hear it I can hear it you say what do horses have to do with drugs and cult
and media and Jesus and sons of thunder
everything without these horses that we're looking at wouldn't be possible it's 800 pages I heard some of you say
oh sources he can he can work with the
sources but he can't read the Bible hey guess what here's 800 Pages you fruit
cakes 800 pages of Greek that I can read that you have not even heard of how do
you expect to know anything you know what I'm goingon to do tonight I'm going to perform a magic
trick I'm going to perform a magic trick I am going to
transform a horse into Jesus
Christ yeah wait what no hear me out hear me out I know I know of all the
things I could have picked you know what I mean the things there's there's things that go with the pack right there's
things that go with it you can pick and choose yeah I chose horse to Jesus horse to Jesus
Jesus Christ Jesus Christ and that boy he was arrested with in a public park at
400 a.m. while yelling I'm not a child
trafficker oh Horse let's jump in the horse this tonight for those of you who
love horses alpha alpha remember we're talking about the seven
spheres the seven spheres we're about to go through each one tonight is Alpha
when we are at Omega we'll be done let me show you Alpha chewy first star chart
Hit It Blow That Thing Up okay people this is from the Corpus Hipp Anri Corum
gorum Eon yeah what is something is
eos right this is a genitive here Perry this is just a work it's a work by a
dude that has to do with things getting bitten or struck by the AIS or the
aid the Viper because why because we have vipers
and this horse culture is all about these Arrow poisons fantastic we're on
our way I'm going to bring you some drugs in just a minute I know you're waiting for it drugs in Jesus I love it
I want to read this to
look at that word look at that one two 3 fourth word in on that first line right
this first Line's a title and then second line there's your poetry oh God
what does it say k then do you see Christ in this word it's right under my
finger here right two down right here right Christ somebody's getting christed
who's getting christed somebody who has been exposed to the Eis
to the AES good let me keep reading here and you know what stops it they've got
this thing right that works as a Christ right it may it helps it to to
stop the process of the poison the Venom and oh Chiron Chiron who's who
somebody's Chiron who's k on does anybody remember seeing a dude
who you could describe as a horse part horse and part
dude well these part horse part dudes live in a place called
thessaly famous famous for its roots to the palasan the oldest culture they know
this is BR this is copper AG stuffff right oh God so
dramatic you've got a horse dude yeah Chiron here she um the poem is
saying what's wrong with you Chiron don't you know there are remedies for the
ekis rubbing it in go and don't worry this is a whole poison history people
dying from it people using it to have visions this is the that we are going
into this is Alf wait what did he say what I think he
said you know where they took that from don't you you know where they took it
from a thousand years before they had ever seen it they took it from the
alpha when Jesus said I am the Alpha and the Omega
yeah back Translation your history is not what you
think it is bring up the Greek look at the bottom bottom two lines and you know
he says there was this guy coinus who was you know he wasn't a fool and he
found four he found four antidotes and he names them at the bottom
gentan um ba or Laurel smna which is um
you could say it's sometimes it's just a m but Smyrna is also um a mixture used
by the Aphrodite group oh yeah yeah you know what I'm talking about Mary
Magdalene that stuff the good stuff is expensive and look at the bottom here and what else is there
Arista arist right oh that used to
look do do you know what you use that stuff for
abortion abortion or delivery it's an ex an
expeller of the life how do you know that it's the witches right um I knew
somebody today who taught in a different place about hippo manes what is that it's the thing that
you give to um a person who knows and they will prepare for you you take it
from off of sometimes it's on the forehead they say of the fo some we're
talking about horses now right and sometimes it's just floating around in the sack but you take it out looks like
a brownish green kind of sticky thing and you take that and you turn it into a
drug you can Infuse this stuff ladies and gentlemen you can Infuse this
stuff and drive yourself completely to the edge of erotic
pleasure erotic satisfaction can you feel me touching that spot erotic sanctimonious
satisfaction that's that place right there oh remember they're all censored
right they're all censored so that we can stay right so we
put a holy symbol where's my goat get my goat back bring it everybody look at my goat
yes this is pan this is the most accurate
representation why because it's from the it's a mirror you're looking you're looking into it right you're this is the
mirror magic people those of you who have ears to hear are picking it up and
I want you to use that to ride the initiation through Alpha beautiful ride
the initiation through Alpha right join in the chorus join in the chorus this is
fantastic for those of you who are here for punishment's sake
enjoy I love it your tortured souls are to me they are to me the
salvation of of existence the salvation of a prison oh is the the mourning The
Wailing the weeping it's you've got to love it I've got to
love it um it's it's great energy is what it is I love it let's go back to
the text let's go back to the text um people I just want you to see a couple of things here yeah we we've done that
one let's go I want you to notice that something was getting christed something was getting christed in there hit me now
with the next couple of watch this people this is a passage we're going to go to but I just want you to see the whole thing it's sitting there right
um okay let's go to the let's go to the individual let's go to the Christ right
where else yes that one here it is again somebody's chising
something else christing what does that mean christing here it is again next one next
onea hit it yeah right right there it is again different tense that's all you you
Greek nerds will be able to figure out what it is give me the next one oh brilliant look people I brought you
drugs right at the time I'd brought you drugs what is happening we're now with deona Sophocles where did he go
Sophocles have a seat have a seat this is classical stuff but I want to bring it to you from their eyes I want you to
be able to see it like they saw it what's going on here this is deir and she's saying look I did everything that
Centaur told me to do I did everything Horseman told me to do and by the way when a Greek hear
Centaur just like the centaurs that are in the prophets um that means
past okay Centaur equals past and what did the Centaur tell
deona um wife of Heracles um what did she tell what did he tell her to do he
said look you got to treat that drug gingerly look what you got to do there's got to be it's got to be auron you
cannot have this thing exposed to fire you can't even have it exposed to light it's got to Nowhere warm it's got to sit
in its own place you're going to put it right he wants her to put it into a wooden container and then put it in a
dark place because everybody knows that this stuff is combustible this stuff will rot you down
to nothing it's like Napalm it'll just keep burning wait a minute this this is
one of the drugs they're using in their cult ride yes it is now um get that yeah there there we go look at the very
bottom line people she says she's followed the instructions right you know
until the time until the time when she can apply it right when she can make use
of it um as an AR
Christ as an arti Christan Christ who is Jesus Christ everybody says Jesus Christ
you think it's the guy's last name I think he's got a middle name named it's a H I think because I hear people Jesus
H Christ no it is not his name Christ is
something that is done it is a title it is a
title and I know we've looked at it but tonight I want you to see why it's being used with
horses why it's being used with horses watch the logic here it's fantastic let's go to the next one yep um here's
your aristos right fresh spread look and it's here it is in relation to the
pharmacon it's a c category of drugs I'll show you it's a category drugs did
you know Christ was a category drugs no you did not children I want to
tell you anytime you drive by some beautiful church with a big cross on it
Goat where's my goat where's my goat every time you drive by a church
with some beautiful cross on it you're going to know that in that place they
worship a man they worship a man who was arrested in a public park with an nak
boy okay okay okay stop stop yes yes let's get let's keep keep bring me back
there yeah there we go look at take a look at this people what is this what is
this she's just reporting what's going on right she says this stuff happened you you can't you wouldn't believe any
of this stuff I Was preparing this drug and I put some onto a a piece of wool
and I threw it on the ground and it happened to land in the light and when it hit the light this thing burst in
just disintegrated it just burst into this hot magma just disintegrated right on
the spot right on the spot man right on the spot just ran into the ground next
one and what happened these are the drugs people they're still talking about drugs and christs and and and what happens there
you know out of the ground it comes up this boiling fermenting stuff as a
matter of fact it looks like the grape looks like that sweet old juicy grape
that produces that wine of bacus right from his Vine baby right from his Vine
that comes up and that comes up through that drug we can bring the
lightning through this drug you have to be christed to get there when Jesus is
walking around and people are saying is he the Christ they understand what that means
it's filtered into their society all the way down to the marketplace where they're going to buy their
drugs fantastic especially if they're
civilized out in the provinces there's no Market there they take that stuff and they ship it back to
Rome they compound it in Rome put their stamps on it and send it off and then
out in the provinces you can go and you can buy a little tablet like
this we're about to see one Jesus talks about them you can take one of these put
it into your wine and dissolve it you know what they're giving their horses cannabis and
wine wait what you can give a horse wine I didn't even know you could give a horse wine I used to take care of horses
near t megiddo h what if I had known I could
get my horse drunk I would have been doing it a long
time ago is there a reason is there a reason that we shouldn't have stoned
horses yeah let's see um what do you how do you treat your horse's Mania that's
the real question did you know that's a question they're asking you wouldn't be able to answer a question like this
right I don't even think a veterinarian today would be able to answer a question like this because they don't even
consider this they don't know the depth the the psychology side is you know the
whole Neuroscience thing and the veterinary sciences you know what I mean what what are they doing oh what
are they doing you can treat Mania of your horse put your horse on a
regimen right oh that's not because you're bleeding them too right you bleed your horse wait who are we talking about
right who are we talking about we're talking about these tribes you know what the hipatrik is all about it's about the
tribes that are around the Black Sea right and there's some in Italy too
Sicily and they talk about about the horses talk about the horses and what
what do you do when your horse has a problem little too much you know black
bile you're bleeding the horse because you're what you're using the blood in
your medicine yeah what are you doing with that blood you're bringing out what
is what you and I call the jeans the Medusa is
real yeah yeah the snake Venoms guess what
they're hormone analoges you think you're Fancy with your you know take your testosterone and do your transition
dude dude if you could catch up to the technology okay let's get back to the
text I'm getting off the we you got to catch up to the snake Venoms people
catch up that's one of the freebies and tonight bring up my goat again one more time that um that's the freebie in
tonight's business is the cure the Cure is out there yeah the Cure through the
medicine of a people who lived 4,000 years
ago the genius of a group of take him down the go The Genius of
women yeah it's all coming through the birthing the Midwifery it's all coming
through that excellent let's go to the we get a chance here let's flip do we
have crosses covering everybody up excellent go to the next one I just want to read you this people
at first oh Wretched Man what happens to Heracles deona take it down deona deona
gives him a poison garment it's got the burning purple in it so he freaks out
and it kills him it ends up killing him and in the process of being killed he
goes through this uh very culty kind of initiation because remember we're
killing the Son of God wait what yeah we're killing the Son of
God why would we be killing the Son of God a thousand years before the Son of
God was arrested in a public park with a naked boy for the same reason that we're
talking about the first Son of God who's way back there who is with his boy hus
it's all it's all the same thing right um okay cult is cult you know what I
mean just follow the drugs let's go back to the text I want to give you I'll read
this to you this is Heracles right he says at first oh Wretched Man he prayed in calm of Mind rejoicing in his lovely
garment right he didn't know this stuff was poison but when the Gory flame began
to blaze up from the offerings on on the sappy Pine uh-oh uhoh we all know what
happens when you put this stuff and you know it's combustible sweat covered all his body and the robe clung to his sides
as if glued by a Craftsman to every joint and from his very bones shot up spasmodic stinging pains the poison like
some detested bloody snakes devoured him
yes you remember that arist aloia that I just showed you for the snake bite cure
yeah they already know this and they've been using that very
species for the sake of alleviating the
symptoms that are induced when you use the Venom in religious
ritual okay I want you to know that um
cisero if if you got no respect py for me at least have some respect for
cisero right who says you know in
divination we're using the aristolochia and um we know that it's
the buffer the antidote for the for the um Viper Venom
right for the for the snake venom fantastic let's go to the next one look
people it's going to get kind of hairy now um what does Heracles start screaming out I'm bringing you the alpha
are you ready oh Knox oh noox you're gonna get a little
bit of that diagma oh [Music]
noo [Music] Otis Pyon you know what he's doing while he's
dripping on his jacket full of full of the burning purple full of this poison
and by the way you can match up the vocab it's it's um used heavily in
archery right so it's kind of nice that it kind of all adds up you can see the cultural group that it's coming from who
is the who is she that we're looking for tonight who is Alpha dude dude she is a
6 foot6 um cyan um mixed
Amazonian um background who is an exp she can Gallop a horse and she can
shoot I'm telling you this she can shoot backwards while the horse is Galloping
away you got no chance against her she's the one that's who we're looking for
tonight and so as Heracles is sitting there as a is sitting there and he is having an
assistance from his side he is having that power through
AWA he is worshiping AOS because we're all going back Judaism Christianity
Islam they all go back to an earlier mystery cult that was popular in the
Bronze Age right and became especially influential at the end of it if you were
to write a history of the world's religions you'd have to say that this Bronze Age religion was kind of the
precursor of everything you've got now so the terms that you've got like Christ
those are coming from that those are coming from that religion Christianity
kids when you go to your church it's a new thing it's a new thing building upon
old things old things and there's a lot of dope kids there's a lot of dope
they're pushing a lot of dope yeah okay let's go to the let's go
to the next one boom um I want to take you now to
Revelation AO amito Alpha Kao
Omega wait I'm the Olive and the what no you're not the olive you're talking
about the Bulls head baby you're talking about the alpha we can talk to Aus I don't care
what your theories are hus trumps you every time yeah this is serious now
right okay let's read it I am the Alpha and the
Omega says cuos right H the one who is K the one
who was Kaio Eros the one who will be who am I I'm
the Ponto and you say wait a minute sir sir that means um Hermes that's how we refer
to Hermes oh watch this I'm gonna pull Christ out of a boy right right I'm
gonna pull Christ out of a boy well I thought you were GNA turn a horse into a
Christ yes let's go it's coming together people you're G to love this you this is
what you know we needed to kick it up here's Mark 4:2 and he t them he taught
them in parabis he taught them in Parables he taught them a lot of things
in Parables and he said to them right in this teaching um keep go keep going uh
next place yeah and um he called them all together yeah into Parables um um
and spoke to them in Parables excuse me Paul do not how he says in a parable in
a parable in a parable why is this man this lce days with his
12 children because remember the apostles are all teenagers they're ma
Thai they're ma Thai and nobody oh my God no Peter's not a teenager is Peter a
teenager when Jesus is with him naked in the upper room yeah yeah Ma students
they're just students just like Socrates man you used to it it's ancient High School you you didn't know Jesus was an
ancient High School cult leader yeah he was he was he like the
orphans yes prostitutes and the tax people you can
see that let's go everybody knows that they're like shut up and hurry up listen here's the other one um I'm going to
take you back now we took you to the Alpha and the Omega and we took you to somebody speaking in Parables and now I
want to translate for is some John ltis he says hey there was this kid tagay the
one who was born from the soil right there was a farmer out working in his
field and this kid just came right out of one of the little grooves he had
plowed in the ground he just came out of it and I'm G to translate for it they
call this guy tages they the Greeks call him thoni and Hermes see that the top
Greek students that Topline middle they call him konian Hermes this boy who comes out of the
ground and and you know what just like uh you know prus the teacher right he
says this right and what is he how do they talk about this um um thing well
it's heretic they use herotic speecher allegorically they talk about things why
because it's the law it's the nomos of the priests to do that right
yeah since why because it's not right to make things visible that have to do with
God in a way that is not holy you can't do that that's what it says in the red
right but now because of this they use myth and they tell
Parables they tell Parables for example let me give you an example instead of
saying the soul has been initiated given all
power it is incarnated in the flesh instead of saying all that right
what's they say what there's a kid and he's a newborn kid he's a young kid and
he comes out of the dirt that's plowed by this farmer do you understand understand okay
those of you who are sitting here when Jesus is using this method and he's
telling people no it's I've certain people that I've called I've called you
here whether you want to be here or not whether it tortures your soul and I love
that you're drawn I love that even though you love Jesus and you want to
defend him you know that you can't the evidence is all gone you can't have your
fairy tale Jesus back but still you want still you want to come you want to be here it's me it's me that's drawing you
do you see why you know why you know why devil is more handsome than Jesus
did you ever consider that yeah let's go bring us back to the next
one I'm I'm still I'm on The Ether of that one a little bit I gotta you got to let me ride a little bit where's my
goat that'll that'll do it okay fantastic fantastic let's go to the next
one this is first John 2:18 he says Hey kiddos why look at the first word Pia oh
God these people are creeps seriously never walk into a
room of of people and say you know what I was just with my little kitties you
know you sound like a creep you know but it's no wonder this is John and we we know that when he was hanging out with
Jesus if this is the right one you know he could have been 10 years
old let's see what happens let's see the marks of his relationship with Jesus are
you ready I'm going to preach to you from this Pulpit what no preacher could
possibly tell you because they don't go there they don't they don't do the work
they don't do the work they want your collection by the way we are still not
monetized even though we could be why same reason if I if I'm fortunate enough
to bring a foundation to bring a an academy to life to bring some kind of
Museum back that it'll be nonprofit already talk to the right people person
yeah yeah and they're going to make sure why because people need to know people
need to know there's a line there's a line when you're talking about the
sacred you don't have any right to say anything that's motivated by faith or
money Faith or money get out get
out cuz the faith just leads to money you I heard somebody say why why is that
because the faith is always just a pathway to money trust
me have faith in this Venture let's go to the next one okay
I'm gonna stop 1 John 21:18 little kides you know the ending has come you know
everything's going to come to completion right right and you've heard you know
the anti Christos comes the anti Christos is
coming the anti Christos what is an anti Christos and every Evangelical runs around and they write books about the
coming end and boom you and I are floating in Blood and lightning bolts
and the Christians like yeah yeah gonna Slaughter you
all they get worked up over that stuff they get really worked up over that
Slaughter you got they love a good Slaughter Julian was right they love a
good Slaughter they do they do let's go bring it back up we got that Christ what
about this Christ this is the Antichrist yeah and now there are lots
of antichrists that have come into existence wait what there are
antichrists that are existing now yeah yeah yeah okay go to the next one 219
look at this people from us they went out why did he say from us they went out it's because
the Antichrist is a dude with 666 on his head
you morons you morons clowns
clowns Bible scholar
clowns preachers are no better your preachers are pathetic people
they're pathetic oh God awful learned they think
they're learned it's too
bad can't have some kind of you know public event bring back the colum you
know what I mean i' do it you know what I mean you
got to fight for what's right in the world you have to especially now man
especially now you feel where you're at with Alpha are you ready here it comes
bring up the next one shy we got to pop them into this quick yep yep yep yep and
um yeah so they went out from us and these Antichrist went out from us right
they weren't from us directly why not why not because if they were they you
know they would still be here they would still be here because you can't make a
Christ or an antichrist unless you have a body to do
so you can't wait say that again you can't make a Christ or an antichrist
unless you have a body eat my flesh drink my
blood it's the chemistry people it's the chemistry the seed of Christ Christ is
called the love of God and guess what that word for seed it's the same as the
Seaman there was an ancient drug called the love of God what was it it was the semen of the
sun okay okay that should be it it's a
wrap it's a wrap nobody here can possibly can possibly ever look at a
cross the same it gets my goat is what it does it
gets my goat yep right okay bring him down right exactly
pan I told you it was going to be all about pan because you're looking at that goat she's beautiful right she provides
for you that nourishment that milk you know who you know who gives that
milk that's the one that pan chases pan chases the nymph who gives the
milk sometimes sometimes she's a goat sometimes she's a goat there's
nothing wrong with a goat yeah it's quite natural goats let's go to the next one let's see
if they can do you think they're I think they're catching it they will um I know
that's what's predicted anyway first John 20 here kaium kisma and you have a
kisma wait a minute what this is never translated this is translated as some
kind of theological event this is a physical existence this
kma is a thing it's a thing it's noun
it's a thing you have this of course we do we're not we're not following the way
of Cain right we're not performing The Mystery
of anomia we have a kisma and that is ours
the antichrists that are coming all of those other
formula yeah guess what those seals on the book
trisco you take one of those you put it in wine white wine let me show you the
text and you infuse it you infuse it into your horse makes The Blood Better
makes the blood better let's keep going next one boom what is Aion I just wanted
you to see look you can this this is probably the most common uh one of the
most common routs you got going from Rio from Rio and it is specifically medical
look Aion is just a thing that carries the these drugs and now go to the last
one the very last one I need to see chewy yeah hello lady who is that did we
hit a bat what is that we're in an asteroid somewhere okay
put that on there just kidding sh um go go to the last one I I know I put this
last it was the very last one look at this people blow that up this is going to blow your mind and for those of you
I'm sorry who who just you know who just wanted to come to fight and you know
ended up buried you know don't worry about it watch this catap plasto what is
it when you catap plasto something right when something is has been what
plastered plastered look at the um about halfway and it says pharmacon catap
plaston it's a type of drug a catap plaston pharmacon a category of drug and
it equals the cataplasma which like me if you've been into ancient medicine oh
you know what a cataplasm is right they've got that both sides Greek and Roman right it's a skin plaster that you
use right medicated skin plaster a lot of them have really strong substances
them but blow that up again um look at what it says after plaster it says as
opposed to aista and a PO aista that's Jesus Christ in the in the
feminine yeah no it's um things that are applied as Christo things that are applied as a
Christos and things that are po things that are drunk things that are drunk so
these are just different ways of applying medicine now I want I want you bring up some images mind changing
images right hit the right system there right white weapons you got it on good
um um these different categories you didn't know that a Christ was a type of
medicine did you a a a means of application you didn't know that did you
did you know that it's these plasters these inations they use that word um these
inations that these are penetrated um bandages that have
medicines in them you can have plasters or you can have incrustations or you can have pobles
Ables they're just different ways to get poisons into your body and um you know
because that's the thing that's what they're doing I don't know how many texts I've shown you in Seven Seasons
but it's we're up to hundreds of people we're up to hundreds and I'm you know
we're not even on the surface of the drugs right so this is a lot I know this is a lot you're all absorbing this and
people are saying it's a lot of information I've got to go back that's I'm trying to packet for you though so
that you know you can pleasure you can have the pleasure of you know following it but here let's go because we got we
don't have time we need to get through Alpha and we need to bring as many people through as possible hit that go
for it okay people let's just pull out the horse the Hipp atrica and what does it say it says this guy named absurdus
which is nice because media's brother had this name absurdist so it's kind of
a black sea region name you know and is this about well he wrote he wrote a
section of his work about Mania remember he is a hiatos he's a horse doctor and
he's writing about Mania how are we going to treat Mania in the horses and I just want you to notice talks about a
couple of other authors we've got Yus no nobody's ever heard of these nobody's ever heard of these Jesus Christ may
have heard of these but none of you none of us none of us
right oh God I love it right so when somebody comes on board and say no he's
qualified for this you realize those people have never even fought they've
never even considered the possibility of the existence of this there's 800 pages
of this people oh God it's got the christing oh let's go back to it love it
look at this okay what are you going to put into it um well this is another one
um but but let go back to the first one yeah because I want you to see the bottom line look this is for the look at
that last line tant what's happening to your horse your
horse is getting ladic they're getting a little bit of mania so you have to have
the right therapy for your horse and what is some of the stuff they're giving them are you ready you g to love these
people look they're giving them cannabis they're giving them cannabis right there yeah look there there it is
in the Greek people are like oh were they using cannabis in the temple
no but they're using it everywhere else and
they're even giving it to their horses and they're making skin applications of
it as well isn't that nice make a nice oil that you will rub into the skin of
your horse all over it right oh and you got to make a plaster because when you
bed your horse they can get FL um an infection translated it's just an
inflammation and so you've got to you don't bleed your horse let's wait which
I know she's out there you bleed your horse I'm looking for you um this is the first of seven right go okay and what
what else besides the Cannabis um you know just your standard list of drugs heliotropic yeah no it's all tialon nron
yeah these are all good standard drugs what's interesting about it is that they're drugs that they're using on
humans as well drugs that they're using in ritual so in Antiquity they're using
with their horses the same drugs that they're using remember if you're a cyan
you don't bathe you don't bathe in water you bathe in the fumes of
cannabis that's how you take a bath you fumigate in cannabis so it kind of makes
sense that all these people who are fum getting up in the morning and fumigating themselves with cannabis they're they're
also giving cannabis to their horses it kind of makes sense maybe it's a
connection thing I don't know I don't know maybe horses get stressed horse PTSD they gotta have
they're gotta get PTSD just like the rest of us right maybe they need it okay
let's go to the next one he's going to pull it ride out of the horse right okay are you
ready they got as best as here her I just wanted you to see that there's the Roki again there's more there's more
cannabis yeah these are all for different we're just going through different affections right different
sorts of problems health problems and we're coming up with a whole bunch of curatives keep going excellent right oh
God look at this one I just want you to look at the first line This is the um on
the making the hypocrates on the making of the um
trois the um the lenes right the trois the little it's a
little pill that you can put into a glass of wine and dissolve it and then
you can take that wine you can flush it into your rectum that's a direct infusion they call it right direct
infusion and what are these used for these are used um prasan malen now um I
can throw this text in front of any classicist or in front of any Bible
scholar and they won't be able to read um the terms here because this is highly
technical what is molus right what is molus it's horse
distemper horse distemper if you've had a horse you know what horse distemper is
you know how highly infectious it is how you got to isolate your horse right um well here's the treatment for
it and he's got a whole prescription for the trois for the little pill that you
make right now you and I with our horses because we're not that smart we would have gone out to the marketplace and we
would have talked to the Hipp arroy we said hey um what do I give to you know I
got distemper going on got big swollen glands what are here here's what you take these pills dissolve them in wine
put them into an infusion great doc Doc before you go can I
eat that brown brick that comes out of a mar as she's giving birth um can I eat
that thing no no no no don't eat it um go have it prepared you go to The
Midwives they'll prepare it for you they'll probably take a you know a portion of it is a you know cost um good
good good you see how we are with our horses um when you're in a society that
is HSE driven um and you have a horse God wait horse God yes horse God horse
God now you know now you know why bring us the horse God next one
please boom okay yep yep yep no this is just it's
more treatment I wantan to I want to hustle ahead I want to hustle ahead look at non us here people Perseus Shore off
the snaky SWA of one Med while her womb was still burdened and
swollen with young still in full of Pegasus right Medusa is a
priestess what she's a priestess of the Virgin she's a priestess of the Virgin
and what does she have inside of her she has Pegasus she has a flying
horse she has a flying horse okay hang in there with me right those of you
those of you who are understanding follow it all the way till the end she
has a horse inside of her and this horse is the one who struck the ground and out
came the Fountain of the Muse the hippoc crine The Fountain Of The Muse this is
all through Medusa all through Medusa okay are you with me let's keep
keep going excellent we're almost there and um play the part of childbirth and the
fruit yeah y great let's go to the next one please and here's palus thank you palus among the means of cleansing okay
let's get into some dirty religion among the means of cleansing by ritual purification what do you need to be
ritually purified for I wonder which they say the people of
trisen right used to cleanse arties Right This Is How They cleansed the why
is why did arres need cleansing cuz he killed someone he killed someone and that
someone happened to be his
mother seriously um there's a point to the Mania you know what they called his
mother they called her the draina the draina you know what that is
translated as this is the sexiest Greek on the planet you're never going to get
better Greek than this are you ready draina Dragon
Queen Dragon Queen I want to know what the dragon Queen did I want to
know but that kid areses was so shocked into mania he was wandering around
talking to the furies you know when the furies start talking to you you're in
trouble can anybody feel the temperature
rising I feel those Furies coming out I feel them talking talking right right
into your brain Furies yeah yeah there's a
cure you have to be purged you have to be
purged the first step is Alpha you have to be
purged how how am I going to be purged go go go back to that text yep yep yep
yep yep right for the trens too have a fountain called the horses and the
legend about it does not differ from the one which prevails in biosa for they too
say that the Earth sent up the water when the horse Pegasus struck the ground with his hoof when the horse Pegasus
struck the ground with his hoof wait okay all right next text we're right
there we're right there you're you're with the the correct images
people when the moai sang Heaven the Stars the sea and rivers Stood Still you
see the power of that voice that's the creative voice you thought the Creator
was a dude you thought the Creator was a dude
can I just ask you something how many dudes ever created a darn
thing I see a lot of I I see a lot of war and I see a lot of death I see a lot
of human dudes doing a lot of stupid things I have never seen that female
creative power come from a man that's the thing you got to get in nature you
got to get down there and you know what you can do it you can do it
through the serpent through the serpent you mean I
can take a human being and I can put them on a regimen of natural drugs and I can
produce a Medusa I can take you and switch you from male to female and
back how would you like that how would you like to be changed how would you
like to be half dragon yeah yeah it's your
children the L is there for your children he's not there for you and that
is The Great Wave of frustration that is the source of the sisters of
frustration he's not there for you he's there for your children Jesus is there
for your children let's see some more of the
cult let's go next one oh this is great this is great and I'm going way over
tonight and I'm sorry for keeping you for so long I'm sorry but I want to get all of these in yep yep that's okay we
got that one um I just want to give you a couple of Greek terms I'm GNA go over them fast but there is a person um
you've been told that har Clyde is a great great mind great thaner you've been told that he was the one who um
covered himself and dung sat in the Sun and then some dogs came and ate him right and you've been trying
to figure that one out for a long time right just know in the Greek that the stuff that he covered himself with it's
usually translated as dun is also that product euphemistically that product of
the mollusk that has the per the purple that ultimately they process into the
burning purple okay and when you are sitting in
helos you were doing the same thing that Heracles and Jesus Christ did the
exact these are sons of
God isn't that amazing you thought your religion was ho ho
ho it turns out Santa produces urine it's Makes You
High kids kids those of you waiting for Santa to come down the chimney this year
he's high his urine can be drunk by and it
is by Rudolph Rudolph loves Santa's urine I'm telling you this is the
history the fairy tale is what um is given to us all in in order to control
and in order to get you to buy some presence for someone it's disgusting but
that's the way life is welcome welcome and you say you want Justice you say you
do I told them I told them you really don't go to the next one this is it look
at what we're getting at oh God yeah that's the spawn I want to go back down
I want to end here I want to end here um with
just the shape of the alpha in the sphere of the alpha what's
going on go ahead and take it down you and I are at a place of
mourning you say what that doesn't make sense you think Alpha the first
sphere would would be a place of you know creation and completion no it's a
place of death the invocation the Mourning
the voice of she who gives birth cries
a yeah she cries from the
alpha we hear her cry alad Alo not Olo and not
ELO we hear her cry alalo she is
Aphrodite she is the one that you must first come to in order to follow the
right I have given you the right in
outline for you to follow in the subtext of what I am saying I have given you the
instructions now take the test next satanic initiation after the
Bible study that we'll have coming up on Wednesday and these Bible studies people
are going to be loaded with the dirtiest of the dirty for those of you who have children who don't want your children
exposed to the awful awful reality of what is the
Bible you you may want to leave them out of the situation but we will continue
chewy is making an excellent effort I we appreciate the fact that when somebody
would attack us us and try to get our videos pulled off of YouTube we
understand that that's an attack upon the art and it's done by people who are
so frustrated because they have no more ground to stand on they can only resort
to destruction does this sound familiar Julian the great apostate said the mons
the galileans they will bring your end they
will kill your education and then they will kill your
civilization that's what must be done you must tear down when you are unable
to build when your foundation is gone those of you who have come with me whom
I have drawn who have come kicking and screaming and
screeing this is is your reality hail
Satan you never cared for pay and Fortune oh worldly
Renown on the day that it came an AR you just turned it
down all the way why did you ever change your
[Music] name why did you ever change your
[Music]
name all way